DeltaChat bot as additional command interface (#46)
deltachat/mailadm: doc/index.rst

        V
    mailcow user management

Initializing the Bot Interface
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> You don't have to login with SSH every time you want to create tokens. You can
> also use the bot interface to talk to the bot in a verified Delta group. The
> bot needs an e-mail account to operate - it doesn't have to be on your mailcow
> server, it can be any e-mail account which also works with Delta Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't have to login with SSH or user docker commands every time you want to create tokens. You can
rather setup a dedicated bot e-mail address and bootstrap a verified "admin group chat", in order to add/remove/list tokens for e-mail account creation.  The bot's e-mail address can be any e-mail address and does not need to reside on the e-mail domain whose accounts it is managing. 
```

Author: Hm, not sure about that wording, but I rephrased it a bit along those lines. As it always is with writing, too many cooks...
